fix: working Dockerfile \o/ (#123)
opensafely-core/r-docker: README.md

## Requirements

You will need docker, docker-compose and [just](https://github.com/casey/just) installed.

## Building

`just build`

Under the hood, this builds `./Dockerfile` using docker-compose and buildkit.

We currently build a lot of packages, so an initial build on a fresh checkout
can take a long time (e.g. an hour).  However, to alleviate this, the
Dockerfile is carefully designed to use local buildkit cache, so subequent
rebuilds should be very fast.

## Adding new packages

To add a package, it must be available on CRAN. We cannot currently install
things from Github or other locations.

`just add-package PACKAGE` 

This will attempt to install and build the package and its dependencies, and
update the `renv.lock`. It will then rebuild the R image with the new lock file
and test it.

### Trouble shooting

####  System dependencies

If the package requires any system build dependencies (e.g. -dev packages with
headers), they should be added to `build-dependencies.txt` If it requires
runtime dependencies, they should be added to `dependencies.txt`.  Packages
don't advertise their system dependencies, so you may need to figure them out

> via trying to add it and reading and error output.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
by trying to add the package and reading any error output on failure.
```

#### Installing an older version

If the package still fails to build, you may be able to install an older version.

> Find and previous version  at https://cran.r-project.org/src/contrib/Archive/{PACKAGE}/, and attempt to install it specifically with

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
Find a previous version at https://cran.r-project.org/src/contrib/Archive/{PACKAGE}/, and attempt to install it specifically with
```
